Font - Source Sans Pro

Colours
Off White: #FCFCFC
Blue: #697A97
Darker Blue(Hover): #51617D
salmon: #FF6E5B
Darker Salmon(Hover): #E16150

HOME

TV Advertising - The UK’s home of TV advertising intel.

TV advertising: What you need to know 

For many a business owner, treading those first steps toward a TV advertising campaign can feel extremely heavy. The weight of costs, production and success stops many from continuing on with their journey, which we believe is a real shame. You see, managed correctly, a TV advertising campaign can drive considerable growth in sales and brand visibility, whilst lowering cost per response, sale and acquisition. It can free your business to realise its potential, triggering an explosion in response and subsequent growth that, with Guerillascope, is always accounted for.

WHY TV?

Quote - “Growth is never by mere chance; it is the result of forces working together.”

TV advertising is the energising force behind growth for more SMEs than ever. The TV advertising market has adapted to new economic conditions; one that gives emphasis to start-up ventures and mobility from the bottom up. The UK depends on small business growth to galvanise competition and drive innovation, which is why ours is a TV advertising service carefully constructed to serve the specific needs of companies in pursuit of sustainable, scaleable business growth. Here’s a few reasons why TV could be right for you:

. Efficient
TV advertising is no longer a process of buying advertising space in bulk as part of share agreements at a fixed rate. Now, with the rise of independent TV planning agencies, TV can be a highly efficient, targeted medium. We perform preliminary sector and competitor analysis to identify channels, times of the day, days of week and programming that delivers your target audience at low costs. We’ll continue to monitor your campaign throughout its run, ensuring its effect remains in line with your needs.

. Engaging
TV advertising engages more people, and at a deeper level, than any other media. TV increases branded search online by an average of 35%, whilst 51% of all advertising-related word-of-mouth derives from the small screen.  The fact is, TV advertising works extremely well as a direct response mechanism – with 57% of all UK adults claiming to have researched a brand, product or service in reaction to seeing a TV ad.

. Reach
When it comes to scale and reach, TV advertising is a monster. According to Thinkbox 73% of the UK population is reached in one week through TV, indeed, we’re all lovestruck when it comes to our relationship with the box; consuming an average of 2 hours 25 minutes of commercial TV a day and 45 ads. Yet, with this reach comes flexibility; if engaging the entire country doesn’t correlate with your business model, then there several regional TV advertising platforms that cater for specific geographical and lifestyle targeting.

. Accountable
As previously stated, TV advertising is now a fully accountable medium. Each individual TV spot within your campaign can be linked to live web data, facilitating the measurement of cost per sales, response and acquisition with unprecedented depth and accuracy. If sections of your strategy are underperforming, we use analysis to address them immediately!

. Integrated
TV dovetails effectively with other mediums to produce a holistic, multidimensional campaign that captures customers wherever and however they’re consuming media. Research from Thinkbox asserts that outdoor, press, radio and online all experience increased response when coupled with an underlying TV advertising push. This grants TV advertisers with access to active, hard to reach audiences and broadens brand visibility considerably.

TV COSTS

Quote -

"In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable."

One concern at the tip of many a business owner’s considerations is the costs of advertising on TV: the common belief is that television is an indulgence steeped in elitism, with only the richest and most powerful players possessing the resources to benefit from a TV advertising campaign.

This is wrong.

Let’s go back to how the TV market has evolved to meet the needs of the UK’s SMEs.

After the recession hit in 2006, business confidence in markets such as advertising understandably dwindled. The TV industry responded to this making the buying of airtime more affordable and efficient; lowering rates whilst redefining buying audiences to ensure closer alignment and relevance for advertisers. The risk of investment was consequently minimised, whilst effectiveness increased.

With the economy now gradually recovering and consumer spending rising, brands are now turning back to TV, with one big difference. The changes implemented post-2006 are still at the centre of the market, whilst technological advancements have driven even greater effectiveness in terms of response, engagement and targeting. 

TV Production

Quote -
“Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way.”

Creativity sells. The more inspired your business is creatively, the greater its influence on your target audience. Lucky for you, we work with a network of the most talented, enthusiastic and, crucially, creative production agencies in the UK. Whether it’s an animated, live action or graphics-based TV advert you’re interested in, we can connect the dots by putting you in touch with a creative partner that fits your budget and brief. The process couldn’t be easier, or more flexible.

